chore: add documentation on custom destination caching (#853)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/connectivity/destination-cache-isolation.mdx

You need to activate caching explicitly with the `useCache` option, even if you pass an isolation strategy.
:::

### Custom Destination-Service Cache

When the cache option is enabled, the SAP Cloud SDK stores the fetched destinations in an in-memory cache.
However, in certain cases, a persistent or distributed cache may be more suitable according to your application architecture.
For such cases where a different cache storage is desired, the SAP Cloud SDK allows you to plug-in your own implementation for destination cache.

> To create your custom destination cache provider, implement the `DestinationCacheInterface` interface and define the `get`, `set` and `clear` methods.

Reviewer: [nth] add a link to the API doc - I guess this is only possible after publish. Perhaps make a note to add this.

```ts
export interface DestinationCacheInterface {
  hasKey(key: string): Promise<boolean>;
  get(key: string | undefined): Promise<Destination | undefined>;
  set(key: string | undefined, item: CacheEntry<Destination>): Promise<void>;
  clear(): Promise<void>;
}
```

Note that each item in the cache is represented using the type `CacheEntry<T>` which defines two properties:

- `entry`, the item you want to store, and
- `expires`, the expiration time for an individual cache item. This is optional.

Once you have implemented your custom cache provider, you can tell the SAP Cloud SDK to use it in place of the default one.
To do this, call the method `setDestinationCache` at the start of your application code, i.e., before the first calls to either the `getDestination` or the generic client's `executeHttpRequest` methods.  
Pass your cache provider instance as an argument to this method.

```ts

> setDestinationCache(new CustomCacheProvider({ expirationTime }));

Author: No, it's not enforced. I'll update the example for clarity

```

> All subsequent calls to fetch destinations will use this cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All subsequent calls to fetch destinations will use the custom cache.
```
